I have a passion for developing robust, efficient and beautiful software.  I'm experienced with using React and related technologies to build responsive user interfaces on the web.  Though I have yet to use Typescript in a real project, I'm very familiar with type theory and its applications, and use similar technologies with JavaScript, such as Flow.  I am experienced in using Git for version control, as well as developing and utilizing RESTful APIs.  I have a strong background in Haskell, which is an extremely rich and strongly typed language.  I have designed and deployed databases using PostgreSQL.  I have knowledge of how to use Browserify (similar to Webpack) to integrate with existing templating systems and deliver reusable, modular components to web pages.  I have developed on the AWS platform and have some experience in DevOps using it.

One interesting web application I am currently working on is called Independent Learning in Science (ILS).  It is a educational website editable by anyone for learning science.  It is most easily understood by contrasting it with Wikipedia: while Wikipedia allows you to link anywhere inside an article and create loops in the link graph, ILS organizes articles into a tree of prerequisites.  Only links backwards through the prerequisites are allowed.  This creates a structure for the articles that is optimized for learning (ILS's goal) as opposed to being a reference (Wikipedia's goal).  It also allows you to do some pretty interesting things, such as automatic prerequisite resolution.  If you identify a topic you wish to learn, ILS can check what prerequisites you have fulfilled and give you a detailed plan of what you still need to learn first before you can reasonably understand the material you've selected.  It also uses a custom markup language that renders to both HTML5 and LaTeX that allows us to automatically create customized textbooks for people if they prefer to learn from a PDF or print-out.  ILS can also suggest new topics for you to learn based on what you've already completed, with the strong guarantee that you will be able to understand all of its suggestions because it knows what you already know.
